c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe.config
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\BookClassLibrary.dll
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\BookClassLibrary.pdb
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.DisplayBooksForm.resources
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
c:\users\lisalisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2 - Copy\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe.config
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2 - Copy\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2 - Copy\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2_copy\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe.config
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2_copy\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\A3_Question2_copy\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe.config
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\A3_Question2\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\BooksAndAuthors\DisplayBooks\bin\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe.config
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\BooksAndAuthors\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.exe
C:\Users\LisaLisa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ADO.NET applications\BooksAndAuthors\DisplayBooks\obj\Debug\DisplayBooks.pdb
